Creative & Experience


RFI/RFP Content
Library

Last Updated: May 2023




                         1
Usage Information
This document is to help fill in boilerplate information for RFP and RFI responses



     -    Double check all content for any specific past client references or [CLIENT] holding text
     -    Always update the content to the best of your ability
     -    Any financial or headcount information, validate with HR/Ops
     -




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                      2
General Company Information


Please inform the year your company was founded

2005

What is your company's Dun & Bradstreet number?

84-695-8999

Do you have any pending judgments, claims, or suits brought up against your company in the
last five (5) years?

No.

Do you belong to a network of agencies or holding company? If yes, please detail (name of
network/holding company + 2021 turnover)

Yes. Fimilac currently own 75% of the Jellyfish business. Fimilac is a privately owned business and
therefore their turnover is confidential to us.

Company Size

Jellyfish Group Ltd and its subsidiaries are 100% owned by Jellyfish Digital Group Limited following
the acquisition of the Jellyfish group of companies in November 2019 by the ultimate parent
company Fimalac. Jellyfish operates as a unified global digital solutions provider. Legal entities
include Jellyfish Group, Ltd. at the global level and Jellyfish Online Marketing US Limited in the
Americas, as well as 21 other subsidiaries. We have 2,200 digital experts across 20 markets and 34
international offices.

Our core services include offering a full spectrum of digital capabilities, including Creative, Brand
Strategy, Development, Data Planning, Analytics, Media Strategy, Paid Media, Data Science, as well as
Technology and Training.

Company culture




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                       3
A fundamental belief at Jellyfish is that we can change the world of marketing. And, in the last 18
years, we have continually transformed our business, broadening to wider marketing communication
capabilities, from our base of performance marketing.

We've developed a unique identity, outside of the norm; outside of the networks; outside of
traditional media agency culture. A model that reflects Jellyfish’s success from our clients’ growth,
not as a by-product of media trading.

We've introduced a flat business model where unconscious bias has been removed, promoting
greatness and diversity of thought across the team. Where decisions are based on performance
data, not just on the superstars who are naturally in the limelight.

We've created a structure that encourages freedom to innovate, unified by a consistent yet agile
process and culture.

We’ve nurtured our talent and culture through our academies, training practices, and an extended
network of flexibly accessed experts. We've evolved with platforms and partnered with them to get it
right, for our customers. We’ve built innovative technology to overcome challenges that humans or
existing technology couldn’t solve.


Company Leadership (April 2023)


Rob Pierre - As the Co-Founder and CEO of Jellyfish since its inception in 2005 and with 20+ years
of experience in the digital space, Rob focuses on our global leadership. Rob is at the forefront of
scaling Jellyfish's global digital economy and presence. Rob is responsible for expanding Jellyfish
globally and steering Jellyfish to continued success.


Paul Mead - As the Chief Strategic Officer and an Executive Board Leader, Paul drives Jellyfish's
strategic initiatives and innovation efforts. Paul has 20+ years of experience managing strategy
formulations. Paul is responsible for the overall vision and structure of Jellyfish's strategy plan and
maintaining the alignment of decisions with strategic objectives.


Jim Hamilton - As Jellyfish’s Chief Client Officer, Jim is responsible for overall client satisfaction and
leads the global team that drives digital strategy and performance for our clients. Jim has 20 years
of experience helping clients grow their businesses through digital. Jim has worked closely with
clients across industries, including Disney, ESPN, Samsung, CVS Health, FMC, and of course, Mariner
Wealth Advisors and others. As the lead for Jellyfish’s US client teams, Jim’s role is to ensure that we
create value and provide strategic thinking, unparalleled execution, and relentless innovation across
all aspects of digital marketing.

Dervilla Kelly- Chief Solutions Officer, Dervilla joins Jellyfish with a proven background in the industry,
having previously held key positions at Mindshare, WPP and IPG Mediabrands. She supports




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                          4
Jellyfish’s efforts across growth, client management, and marketing to help drive product adoption
and activation for new and existing clients at an enterprise level. She will be based in the Jellyfish
New York office, with a global remit.

Jacqueline Chang – Jacqueline Chang joined Jellyfish as the Chief Product Officer four years ago,
working to standardize Jellyfish's offerings, pricing, scoping, and delivery methodologies. Previously,
she spent 14 years leading digital marketing programs at JPMorgan Chase and American Express,
and worked in Product Management at Nielsen, DoubleClick, and Oracle. She is based in New York

Provide a brief history and background of your company.

Jellyfish was established over 18 years ago. We now have over 2,500 experts working in 40
international offices, across 20 markets. This global presence means we can deliver work around the
world and engage our local teams with in-country clients.



Describe your company's ownership.

Jellyfish Group Ltd and subsidiaries are 100% owned by Jellyfish Digital Group Limited following
acquisition of the Jellyfish Group of companies in November 2019 by the ultimate parent company
Fimalac

Please provide you company's complete Head Office address.

"(Global) Jellyfish House, 31 London Road, Reigate, Surrey, RH2 9SS

(USA) Jellyfish, 1201 Wills St Suite 600, Baltimore, MD 21231"

Include a map that indicates where your company currently provides
services globally.

Map is provided here

Please inform your capabilities level of coverage for North America,
detailed by country.

We are one Jellyfish with multiple capabilities globally therefore we do not have these splits by
country. Our capabilities include, Data, Platform specialists, Consultancy, Training and Development,
Media, Creative, Brand, Web, Strategy and Technology.

2000+ experts

18+ years established

40+ Global offices




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                          5
1 Global team. 1 Brand

USA offices: Chicago, Baltimore, Boston, Los Angeles, New York, Portland, San Francisco

EMEA offices: UK: Brighton, London, Manchester, Reigate, Warrington, Spain: Barcelona, Madrid,
France: Paris, Germany: Berlin, Italy: Milan, Netherlands: Amsterdam, UAE: Dubai,
Denmark:Copenhagen, Ireland: Dublin, South Africa: Durban and Johannesburg, Israel: Tel Aviv

APAC offices: India: Mumbai, Bangalore, Singapore, South Korea: Seoul, Japan: Tokyo, Australia:
Melbourne, Sydney

LATAM offices: Mexico: Mexico City, Brazil: Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo

What is your competitive advantage, what differentiates your company from others?

At Jellyfish, we seamlessly blend creative, production and technology resources to deliver
best-in-class outputs. Our success in building partnerships is evidenced by our direct, long-term
relationships with some of the world’s best-known companies and brands – as well as their creative
and media agency partners – to originate, adapt and deliver effective creative communications
across all channels and borders.​​

From the outset of our engagement, we will immerse ourselves in your existing ways of working,
analyze the challenges you face, and work to find the best, most effective solutions that drive time
and cost efficiencies, whilst improving quality and transparency. ​Five pillars underpin our proposition
to provide a flawless service to our clients:​

Experience. We have deep experience of working with global brands to drive efficiencies whilst
maintaining brand consistency, accuracy and quality. This wealth of knowledge and expertise enable
agile, flexible capabilities.

Creative Integrity. We will work collaboratively with you, your agency partners and suppliers to
ensure care and craft is always applied to the production of the creative idea, right through to
delivery. Particularly important when localizing and adapting assets for global markets.

Technology Platform. Our J+ technology suite and​in-house expertise drive efficient workflow and
approval processes across global multi-channel campaigns.

Innovation. We do not settle. We are constantly looking for smarter, better solutions for our clients.
Automation, templating, asset reuse and optimization provide exciting, revolutionary opportunities to
refine ways of working, reduce costs and increase speed to market.​

Team. We have a global team of experts who are excited to work with you. We are absolutely ready
to hit the ground running and launch from day one and will work collaboratively to develop a
resourcing, implementation and onboarding plan based on your requirements."




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                       6
Overview of services and capabilities

Jellyfish is a flexible, modular, agile industry leader delivering projects at scale. Our unique global
structure combines deep platform understanding with tech, media, data expertise and, of course,
creativity. Plus, our innovative product portfolio promises engagement across all capabilities.
Meaning we can make amazing things happen at the pace the platforms demand.

Our core services offer a full spectrum of digital capabilities, including Creative, Brand Strategy,
Development, Data Planning, Analytics, Media Strategy, Paid Media, Data Science, as well as
Technology and Training. Core competencies centered around the design and development of the
“perfect digital journeys” for our clients is more specifically around (but not limited to):

User Experience Design

Technical Architecture, Design & Development, Monitoring and maintenance support

Content Management System Platform Implementation and Integration

CRM Integration

Email Marketing

Data & Analytics

Search Engine Optimization

Through your partnership with Jellyfish, we will work together with our global team of digital
marketing and technology leaders who understand your challenges and how to respond to them
effectively. We are a tight-knit, diverse, motivated and inspired team that will work to lift your brand
and increase your influence.

How does your agency differentiate itself?

At Jellyfish, we seamlessly blend creative, production, and technology resources to deliver
best-in-class outputs. Our success in building partnerships is evidenced by our direct, long-term
relationships with some of the world’s best-known brands – and their creative and media agency
partners – to originate, adapt and deliver effective creative communications across all channels and
borders.

In a platform dominated digital world, where media buying has become commoditized, we believe
creativity is the last true battle ground. Platforms are the new interface between brands and their
audiences, their primary path to growth where audiences and algorithms decide what works and
what doesn't. This shift has fundamentally changed the rules of marketing. We strive to give our
clients the best access, expertise and foundation to win in this world. It is non-negotiable - you have
to bring your A-game, not just to the platforms but throughout their entire ecosystems. We were




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                           7
built to help brands perform in the platform age. No other agency has the depth of understanding or
organizational structure in place to meet this moment. With unparalleled platform knowledge,
access to real-time insights powered by proprietary technology and an organization structure that
facilitates true collaboration across all teams (ours and yours), we are ready to help you achieve true
marketing performance in a platform world;

We’ve developed a unique identity, outside of the norm; outside of the networks; outside of
traditional media agency culture. A model that reflects Jellyfish success from our clients’ growth

We’ve introduced a flat business model where unconscious bias has been removed, promoting
greatness and diversity of thought across the team. Where decisions are based on performance
data, not just the superstars who are naturally in the limelight

We’ve balanced creative, data and technology to create seamless brand and performance
experiences for consumers

We’ve created a structure that encourages freedom to innovate, unified by a consistent yet agile
process and culture

We’ve nurtured our talent and culture through our academies, training practices and an extended
network of flexibly accessed experts

We’ve evolved with platforms and partnered with them to get it right, for our customers

We’ve built innovative technology to overcome challenges that humans or existing technology
couldn’t solve

What percentage of your overall business is digital marketing?

51% Digital Media; 28% Creative & Experience, 10% SEO, Organic and Owned; and 7% Data and
Analytics and 4% Training/Other.




Staffing and HR
Please inform the number of permanent employees by region (North America, Europe, APAC and
Latam)

North America - 318, EMEA - 1184, APAC - 177, LATAM - 312




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                     8
Which actions did you put in place to attract and retain best talents in your organization?

A fundamental belief at Jellyfish is that we can change the world of marketing. And, in the last 18
years, we have continually transformed our business, broadening to wider marketing communication
capabilities, from our base of performance marketing:

We’ve developed a unique identity, outside of the norm; outside of the networks; outside of
traditional media agency culture. A model that reflects Jellyfish success from the excellence of our
team driving clients’ growth, not at our team's expense or as a by-product of media trading

We’ve introduced a flat business model where unconscious bias has been removed, promoting
greatness and diversity of thought across the team. Where decisions are based on performance
data, not just the superstars who are naturally in the limelight

We’ve created a structure that encourages freedom to innovate, unified by a consistent yet agile
process and culture

We’ve nurtured our talent and culture through our academies, training practices and an extended
network of flexibly accessed experts

Do you leverage subcontractors and/or freelancers for client work? If so, for what/in what
capacity?

Yes, Jellyfish will use the expertise of freelancers/contractors in the scenario that we do not have the
capacity or skillset within the agency. We have projects where we exclusively work with external
resources, due to the specialist requirements of a given project. Jellyfish will also work with external
resources where we need the ability to scale delivery over a short period of time.

How do you ensure that the partners deliver quality work for each project?

Jellyfish will screen and test external resources so they can demonstrate their ability and experience
before we assign them to client billable projects. We maintain a database of over 7,000+ freelancers
which we have built over the last 10 years. This provides the team with a scalable approach to
identify freelancers who we wish to work with again, and also identify freelancers who are not
suitable and were unable to satisfy our quality criteria.

At the beginning of each project, freelancers complete training managed by in-house Content
Managers against the client’s brief before working on any live tasks. Freelancers’ work is continually
reviewed by the Content Manager on the account. We also have a built-in grading functionality in our
proprietary platform J+ Scribe that allows Jellyfish to monitor the quality of work delivered by each
individual.

How do you ensure consistency of your teams?




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                       9
The dynamic, innovative culture of Jellyfish is something that we pride ourselves on, and it's why we
love what we do. This sentiment is evidenced by the longevity of our staff service – some of whom
have been with us ever since we set up the company back in 2004. This is echoed through the
longstanding nature of relationships with our clients, some accounts are now entering their 15th year
with Jellyfish. We fully appreciate the need for continuity within our teams. Continuity benefits our
business and therefore the needs of our clients. Some of the measures that we employ internally to
drive employee retention and continuity for our clients include regular one-to-one sessions with line
managers, monthly company-wide updates, performance recognition, celebration of outstanding
work and team building activities.

How would you leverage the experience of your associates if they are located in an office other
than yours?

As a global company with prodigious technical expertise, we’re wired for collaboration using the
latest tools available. Even across time zones, borders, and continents, no other member of the
Jellyfish team is more than a mouse click away.

Aside from a connective culture and everyday familiarity with leading communications tools, we also
build teams to ensure that client needs are always covered with the relevant expertise. So we don’t
just know how to collaborate internally, we also know when and with whom. The result is seamless
coverage without wasted budget."




Project Management
What are the tools your teams are trained and typically use for: Project Management and
content review

Our Jellyfish proprietary technology suite is called J+. J+ workflow is our creative workflow platform
enabling global, multi channel teams to iterate more effectively. This simplifies the creative process
by providing centralized, end-to-end, standardised workflows for global content roll-out.

1. Simplify complex and/or inefficient sign-off processes

2. Centralise, monitor and track creative briefs across multiple markets and brands

3. Have a centralised and consistent briefing process

J+ Display is our dynamic display creative editor and management platform. Create, update and
manage dynamic display ads using our proprietary Dynamic Creative Management Platform.

1. Edit multiple display creatives simultaneously in real time




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                     10
2. Simplify Display Creative production

3. Reduce costs, complexity and time

We use J+ internally and offer it to our clients, or we are happy to integrate with your existing tech
stack.

Provide examples of how your company has provided savings to current customers and how
these ideas could translate to [CLIENT]

Across our suite of products and services, key cost saving drivers come from:

1. Process Efficiency: The right process, tailored to you delivers a more efficient way of working that
reduces both agency and client time and consequently cost savings.

2. Agile Working: An extension of process efficiency is to have a defined and agreed process and
agile way of working where assets are delivered faster and consequently for a lower cost.

3. Automation and templating: Driving efficiencies, particularly across larger scale global projects
using technology.

4. Workflow and approval technology: Increases transparency, eliminates duplication of effort and
provides a real-time view of the status of your projects in one place.

Provide examples of any reporting / trending capabilities which could be used to identify cost /
productivity improvements.

Utilization of our J+ technology suite enables:

- Improved operational efficiency within via standardization of marketing process across digital
channels, your internal team and the agencies you partner with.

- Centralized control of your marketing assets and greater visibility of your end to end global content
activation within one portal.

- Full version control, a robust sign-off process, spend and audit history reducing the chance of
errors and overspend.

- Detailed KPI and volume based reporting across projects and campaigns facilitates ease of
monitoring, analysis and continuous improvement."

How do you measure the quality of work performed?

Quality is a cornerstone of our business and we have a documented process relative to Quality
Management Control that is applied to our portfolio of products and capabilities. Our quality
management process will be implemented from the outset of ​our engagement with ADM and will be




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                          11
driven by mutually agreed SLAs ​and KPIs. By regularly tracking, reporting and providing feedback on
these metrics, we can measure where processes​can be refined, and efficiencies realised. This
process is underpinned by our J+ technology, providing a live window onto the status, sign-off and
version control of any past or current job. ​

Our clients demand transparent, agile, creative services and​close collaboration, the highest quality
output, cost-effective production solutions and great talent that can be accessed not ​just locally
but globally. The long-standing relationships we hold with our clients attest to Jellyfish delivering to
– and often exceeding – expectations.

Do you ensure continuous process improvements to enable efficiency?

Yes. Continuous improvement is vital to the smooth running of our accounts and maintaining open
channels of communication with our client teams. This is largely facilitated through monthly
feedback sessions, designed to drive efficiencies across the account. These factors can include
streamlining and rationalisation of process, evaluation, feedback and the identification of
requirements for additional or wider training. Other continuous improvement initiatives include
QBRs, Senior Management strategic oversight, campaign wash up sessions and a specific focus on
maintaining open communications and transparency between the Jellyfish and client teams.

In case you are selected as final vendor following our 2024 RFP, will your team be available for
onboarding and transition period starting September 2023?

Yes! We are absolutely ready to hit the ground running and launch from day one and will work
collaboratively to develop a resourcing, implementation and onboarding plan based on your
requirements.



Provide an example of a project you’ve executed that streamlined the creative process under
tight timelines while maintaining collaboration and alignment with multiple partners.

For Google's Year in Search yearly trends round up (viewed up to 250m times) we have to deliver
localised content into over 55 markets while still hitting a global 'day and date' launch. This required
liaison with Google, the creative agency, the local Google teams, the talent/news highlighted in the
film as well as a number of other stakeholders (e.g. YouTube). As the highest profile activity of the
year, the project is signed off at the highest level within Google - adding to the pressure! In order to
hit the required deadlines we have refined a bespoke process to enable both late 'launch' and
significant local amendments. This is achieved by close working relationship with the Google team
responsible (we are described as an 'extension' of their team), early engagement with other relevant
teams, clear roles and responsibilities and agreeing pre-agreed template for the content that can be
fully localised. This year across 58 markets we produced 260 key assets; 27 localised scenes; 66
subtitle tracks and one digital magazine! Since Jellyfish has supported the Year in Search global
deployment, viewership and engagement rates have increased significantly,




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                       12
What is your agencies Escalation Process?

From the outset of our engagement with [CLIENT], we will work with you to identify and agree SLAs
and KPIs around the key factors within our partnership. By regularly tracking, reporting and providing
feedback on these metrics, we can measure where processes require refinement and where
efficiencies can be realised. This continuous improvement is vital to the successful development of
our relationship, to maintaining open, honest communication channels and to ensuring we are
providing innovative solutions to you.

The [CLIENT] account will be closely monitored by our Senior Management Team from the outset, to
ensure that the service that we are delivering provides the best possible solution to you. As
mentioned above, communication is key to the successful running of an account, and we will work to
ensure that feedback, action points and any escalation points are addressed in a timely and
effective manner

From the outset of our engagement with [CLIENT] Jellyfish will work to lay the foundations upon
which a solid and effective solution can be built. It is vital that we work collaboratively to fully
understand your scope of work and requirements. Through careful planning we aim to mitigate risks,
thus futureproofing the project and reducing the potential need for escalation. In the event that an
issue does arise, our escalation process is outlined below as follows:

- Issue is flagged by the Jellyfish Team or raised by the [CLIENT]
- Issue is examined by Jellyfish Account Lead and referred internally to Senior Management Team as
appropriate
- Feedback and an ameliorative course of action is agreed upon betweenJellyfish and [CLIENT]
- Escalation to Jellyfish CEO/Board if necessary

Timeframes around all actions will take place in adherence with the KPI and SLA frameworks agreed
at the outset of our relationship.




Collaboration


How will you partner and collaborate with the [CLIENT] marketing team as well as possibly with
the firm’s stakeholders (e.g., business development, sales, etc.)?

Collaboration is at the core of our culture here at Jellyfish, and we believe it truly creates better
outcomes for our clients and a healthy work environment for our teams. Throughout every stage of
our planning process and day-to-day, we will engage with your teams as much or as little as you like.
Access to the broader marketing team, the internal creative teams, and extended teams such as
sales and product development, allows us to do our job better as we have a greater understanding of




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                     13
your business - but we will only collaborate where you deem it appropriate. Our planning process
has natural points of collaboration, and we would work with you to understand where the balance of
core team versus broader team input is required.

In sharing strategy, recommendations, creative work and ideas, we would welcome extended teams
to be a part of this process and input their feedback. We can also facilitate workshops and ideation
sessions on an ad-hoc basis to tackle specific challenges or opportunities.

Please describe your experience working with outside agency partners (e.g., public relations,
etc.).

Collaboration is in our DNA at Jellyfish. We work with hundreds of creative, media, design, and other
agencies on a daily basis. In our experience, the best way to manage these relationships is for the
client to be very clear about who does what and what the handover points are. Often we work
closely with client marketing and procurement personnel to determine these from the outset of our
engagement. Our contacts range from in-house Client Brand Managers to direct relationships with
agency teams and suppliers on behalf of our clients – often working to ensure the seamless delivery
of a global campaign. Some client quotes from a recent client survey undertaken by a third party at
our request serve to underline this.



What project management processes do you have in place and how will the [client] marketing
team be engaged? [from Mariner Wealth Advisors RFP, April 2023]

Jellyfish understands the complexities and challenges that come with implementing new processes
and transitioning a project to a new agency partner. It's our job to ensure we match your needs with
the right team located in the right places, processes, workflow, and technology to deliver exceptional
client services and creativity at speed, at scale, and cost-effectively.

We have a wealth of experience working collaboratively with new clients to craft bespoke planning,
design, and build models. This means we can work together to define time frames based on your
requirements. ​Careful discovery and planning during these initial phases mean we build a strong
relationship foundation based on a full and immersive understanding of your brand, developing the
overall strategic plan, and building out the foundations for a successful site redesign.

In a typical process, we recommend our four-stage implementation and onboarding process, as
outlined below.

     1)    Discovery
          The initial discovery phase is designed to ensure that the solution we devise is appropriate
          to meet your needs. During this phase, we will invest time in understanding your people,
          processes, and existing site and your strategic goals. We will kick off with a discovery session




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                        14
          to understand your current site, your goals, your brand DNA, and start building out the right
          team and roadmap to meet the project’s needs. During this phase, we will:​
              ● Document current ways of working and key stakeholders​
              ● Document strategic goals and priorities

​

     2)    Onboarding
          The onboarding phase is designed to fully immerse the One Jellyfish team in the Mariner
          Wealth Advisors brand, becoming familiar with the culture, strategy, and direction that your
          business is heading. During this phase, we will define and agree on the One Jellyfish team
          members, including:​
             ● Account Management: key point of contact
             ● Project Management: monitor workloads and manage timely delivery to budget​
             ● The optimum configuration of the technology tool(s) for your needs​
             ● Communications plan, e.g., regular status calls/video conferences, regular
                 cross-agency calls/meetings, face-to-face meetings



     3)    Pilot & Implementation
          To provide a high level of service from day one, we propose a two-phase transition.​

          Pilot ​

               ●    One Jellyfish team ready to receive pilot briefs and execute​
               ●    Project Management oversees that work is trafficked and delivered on time​
               ●    J+ Workflow implemented and live ​J+ Workflow platform ​
               ●    Work handled by our global teams, leveraging full agency​skill set​

          Long-Term Implementation​

               ●    Once we have a better understanding of the profile of work, we will increase the
                    headcount to include the relevant team and expertise​
               ●    Defined SLA per work type​



     4) Continuous Improvement
        The work doesn't stop once the people, process, and technology are in place and onboarded
        – we're just getting started. As appropriate and determined by Mariner Wealth Advisors'
        ongoing support needs, we will work to develop a continuous improvement plan, staying
        responsive to your changing needs and listening to your feedback. Elements of this plan will
        include:​




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                          15
               ●    Wash-up sessions after each initiative​
               ●    Quarterly review meetings with KPI reporting​
               ●    Quarterly satisfaction survey for feedback/exchange​
               ●    Forward planning meetings​
               ●    Model reviews to ensure approach and processes are fit ​for purpose​

Hybrid models

We specialise in evaluating our clients’ current ways of working and processes and providing
recommendations around how they can increase their efficiencies, brand consistency and workflow
effectiveness. We will look to approach this exciting opportunity with Peloton in the same way,
immersing ourselves in your current processes to ensure we recommend solutions that are designed
to streamline your ​ways of working. ​

Our belief is that the right resources need to be in the right locations and connected by the right
technology to deliver both efficiency and effectiveness on behalf of clients. This can involve locating
teams on site with clients; centrally or regionally located; off-shore talent; or a combination of these
depending on the requirement. All should be connected by technology to ensure effective
communication and the automation of routine activities and work. When we engage with clients, we
work with them in a consultative fashion to deliver the optimal resource mix.

Financial
Please state your standard rate per hour by job role to cover creative, media, digital marketing
and social media activities

Please refer to rate card here.

Fee Structure

At Jellyfish, we are flexible in terms of the fee structure, and work on a variety of different cost pools
based on our clients’ preferences. In web/mobile experience and development projects such as this,
we typically recommend time and materials or fixed price. In either case, we are transparent and
timely in communicating hours, timing, progress and other parameters around the project. We make
sure to alert our clients immediately if a request or requirement signifies a change in scope so that
we can effectively communicate, make a decision, and progress together.

Tell us about your agency’s standard billing processes.

Jellyfish typically utilizes a 50% upfront and 50% on completion approach to payment on project
based SOWs. This is something that can be negotiated as part of the scoping discussions.

Please specify your policies regarding discounts (for various project durations, for spend
thresholds…)"




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                        16
We would welcome the opportunity to discuss potentially viable discount policies with you when we
have visibility of the full scope of work for this opportunity.

Please inform your 2022 global revenue in USD

$339,978,276

Please inform your projection for global revenue for 2023 in USD

$398,429,075

List your top five clients in terms of revenue

We have confidentiality clauses in some of our major contracts which restricts revealing some of the
specifics in relation to revenue. However, our top 5 accounts provide revenue in excess of $35m per
year to Jellyfish.

Supplier Diversity
Is your company minority-owned, women-owned, disabled or veteran-owned, (MWBE) or
HUBZone located?

No.

If your company currently has a Supplier Diversity Program, what procedures do you have in
place to help develop business relationships between your diverse suppliers and your
customers?

Jellyfish is committed to establishing a culture of inclusion across our talent and business
ecosystem. We are in the early stages of designing a Global Supplier Diversity Program that will seek
to proactively encourage the use of minority-owned, women-owned, veteran-owned, LGBT-owned,
historically underutilized business, and Small Business Administration (SBA)-defined as small
business concerns, as suppliers. Jellyfish believes that supplier diversification will make us a stronger
and more nimble company, able to grow quickly with our customers while also helping other
like-minded small businesses to grow with us.

What is your procedure for verifying certification of diverse suppliers?

We are going to be launching a process for suppliers that asks them questions regarding their DEib,
in which they respond to ten questions about their approach to Diversity and Inclusion



How do you measure internal and external accountability for DEI initiatives?




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                       17
It's in Jellyfish's core values that employees advocate for inclusion, so what we do is monitor their
external activity on social media via Marketing, recognizing especially those who make a personal
commitment out of DEIB, like us.

Jellyfish also makes sure that talents are recognized and that whenever we point any professional for
an award, it is someone engaged with these values.

Whenever going external with Jellyfish's own thought leadership, we make sure our productions
(ebooks, panels, interviews) are representative of experts from different races, genders, beliefs, etc.
Internally, there is a design flow for DEIB-sensitive subjects in which the Employee Resource Groups
are held accountable for advice and comment on topics and piece of news that are sensitive, and
yet decisive to each market.

How do you measure internal and external accountability for Media Reform initiatives?



Jellyfish has its local leadership invested in memberships and associations that shape the digital
evolution on the ground, especially in markets in development.

As an example, the Brazil team was part of the confection of the local internet regulation a few years
ago. Jellyfish makes sure it's present and active in these institutions and that it advocates for more
just digital practices.



During the Great Resignation, how are you growing & maintaining the strongest, most diverse
talent?



We give back to the community in many ways. Be that with the + 2M pounds in training that we
made available for everyone in the industry during lockdown , the partnerships we have with
different foundations across the globe to offer mentorship, donations or training , or with our
purpose to recruit and retain diverse talents more and more.

Diversity is welcomed and encouraged, with special support to global ERGs, making sure diverse
talents are supported and developed

New acquisitions are onboarded into the Jellyfish culture, making sure we have new talents that
believe in what we do across the 22 countries, in the five continents (and multiple backgrounds)
where we operate




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                        18
Employee wellbeing (mental & financial) is a priority, and Jellyfish also offers its employees the tools
to achieve work-life balance

Jellyfish also creates opportunities by running Jellyfish Academy, an eight week training program
focused on developing top-tier digital marketing professionals. It is a full-time position that offers
recent college graduates or those new to the industry intensive training, hands-on experience, and
mentorship, and paid from day one.

We also stimulate recognition through our recognition platform

Everyone owns its career through a fair and transparent business case process for promotion,
removing challenges for introverts, and bias for all communities



Does your company have an internal commitment to and participate in pay equity within job
classifications for your employees? Please explain.



We monitor gender pay gaps and constantly assess to achieve our objective a zero gap, and we have
consistently reduced it over the past 3 years. The existing gaps come from the integrations we've
made in the past and are not restricted to gender. For that we have an equity dashboard that gives
transparency to all stakeholders of our efforts (Talent Acquisition from an onboarding point of view,
and HRBP's from a salary progression point of view).

As for newcomers and differences in promotions, we're happy to say we closed that gap through an
unbiased promotion panel and and an indexing system.

Employees were put back in control of their own development and the anonymous promotions
process is also aiming to remove bias as a blind panel is assessing Business Cases

A grading system is acting as a tangible progression path to replace ambiguous promotions and to
ensure employees are appropriately recognized for the value they bring

This allows employees to be remunerated for their efforts up to 3 times a year, with standardized
salary increase relative to their work location, and capability

Automated anniversary increases replaced traditional annual performance reviews to ensure
progression (+ own inflation) and an individual's anniversary are mutually exclusive

The above methodologies allow us to recognize and remunerate based on a regional and individual
basis.




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                         19
From an indexing perspective, Jellyfish guarantees that every person on similar grades and titles
have the same purchase power across the offices, regardless of the currency, inflation, or country.



We liaise with companies that provide us with diverse talents during the recruitment process for
Creative and Experience. We foster a diverse community among our current members and
encourage dialogue and education across the whole company. We create internal awards that help
people be recognized by their peers, regardless of their color, national origin, gender, or sexual
orientation. We make sure people have the space to communicate their pronouns, and we are
determined to follow them in every communication we launch. We create documents for best
practices in creative and we make sure they go out to the whole company and are used in our
external work too.



A big initiative that we have in this sense is the Work with Me initiative, that allows people to say on
slack, upfront, how the best way to communicate with them is, and they can identify if they have any
disability (hearing loss, autism, mobility etc) so people communicate in the most appropriate way
and work better as a team.




What procedures do you have in place to help develop business relationships between your
diverse suppliers and your customers?



Jellyfish is committed to establishing a culture of inclusion across our talent and business
ecosystem. We are in the early stages of designing a Global Supplier Diversity Program that will seek
to proactively encourage the use of minority-owned, women-owned, veteran-owned, LGBT-owned,
historically underutilized business, and Small Business Administration (SBA)-defined as small
business concerns, as suppliers. Jellyfish believes that supplier diversification will make us a stronger
and more nimble company, able to grow quickly with our customers while also helping other
like-minded small businesses to grow with us.



What is your procedure for verifying certification of diverse suppliers?




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                      20
We are going to be launching a process for suppliers that asks them questions regarding their DEib,
in which they respond to ten questions about their approach to Diversity and Inclusion



Is your company diverse-owned? If yes, please self-identify (e.g. Minority, Women, LGBTQ, Veteran,
Persons with Disabilities) and note certifications held, if any.



Yes, by a person of color.

What is your company’s approach to diversity & inclusion?



We approach diversity and inclusion at the core of our culture and operations. We nurture and
develop different communities internally with our Employee Resource Groups (disabilities, women,
LGBT community, parents, wellbeing), and we put wellbeing at the core with Mental Health First
Aiders all around the world. Processes like the index applied to salaries according to the office where
a person is based and the business case process - in which the employees submit evidence of the
value they added to the company or the responsibility they gained and are evaluated by an
unbiased panel to validate their promotion - secure equity among our people and eliminate bias in
the career progression. Also there are trainings available and customized to each region to increase
allyship and a DEIb policy in place to guarantee fair treatments and anti-discrimination measures .



Do you have any current or planned Impact Sourcing initiatives undertaken by your company?



Our recruiters are trained to take diversity into account when hiring. We have collaborated before
and intend to collaborate again with institutions that source diverse creative talents for our teams in
different countries




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                      21
Clients

List of active clients in the past three years – indicate won/lost as well as financial-specific
clients

Globally, we have 400+ new clients in the last 3 years. Losses for creative services have been limited
to project completions. Examples include ESPN+ and Domino's Pizza Group.

We pride ourselves on having long-standing relationships with many of our enterprise-level clients,
including the following:

Aviva Investors – 4 years
FMC – 6 years
Simmons & Simmons – 5 years
Samsung – 5 years
Salesforce – 4 years
Adtalem – 12 years
Nike - 12 years
Google - 8 years
Uber - 7 years

Name your clients that were won and lost in past three years.

Globally, we have 400+ new clients in the last 3 years. A few names relevant to this RFI are Nintendo
UK store, PetMeds, Samsung, Eventbrite, Swarovski, LVMH, and Suzuki. Losses for creative services
have been limited to project completions. Examples include ESPN+ and Domino's Pizza Group.

Please provide a list of your key customers, informing their average budget and % each of them
represents on your annual revenue

Jellyfish clients include: Corteva, Reklemel, Google, Amazon, Uber, L'Oreal, Sonos, British Airways,
Underarmour and Harrods. We are unable to disclose budget information regarding individual clients.

Please describe in detail your experience with B2B customers (both current and past
experience)

We have a wealth of experience of providing a range of services to B2B clients including Corteva,
Reklemel, Zurich, Aviva Investors, EFG, BlackRock, Barclays, Salesforce, Ninety One and First National




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                     22
Bank. B2B companies often have very prescriptive requirements, such as adherence to rigorous
regulatory processes. Our knowledge and experience of working across a range of clients in highly
regulated sectors means we are adept at navigating these processes. For example, we are used to
having direct contact with Compliance and Regulatory Teams on behalf of our clients to ensure
adherence to the specified chain of custody and will only appoint Jellyfish people to your account
with a wealth of experience working in B2B and across your sector.

Please describe in detail your experience working with highly matrixed companies like [CLIENT]

We will work collaboratively with the team at [CLIENT] to deliver a bespoke service, which meets your
requirements and provides solutions to challenges that you are facing. Our proposed model and
structure can be refined and adapted to ensure it aligns to your expectations, processes, ways of
working and budget constraints. We understand the complexities and challenges that come with
implementing new processes and transitioning to a new agency partner. It's our job to ensure we
match your needs with the right team located in the right places, processes, workflow and
technology to deliver exceptional client services and creativity at speed, at scale, and
cost-effectively. ​



Within highly-matrixed environments, we work during the initial implementation and onboarding
phases to conduct discovery and planning to build a strong relationship foundation based on a full
and immersive understanding of your brand. Our hugely experienced Implementation Team will
oversee the transition process. They will work to manage a seamless mobilisation process whilst
ensuring the transition has minimal impact on [CLIENT]’s BAU activity. Three core factors facilitate a
smooth implementation as follows:

1. Full immersion into the world of [CLIENT]. We need to understand your processes, ways of working
and requirements. This will help us to tailor our recommendations and provide an efficient and
effective solution.

2. Open communication channels. Appointing an 'Implementation Champion' from the client team is
vital to driving engagement with the project internally. We can also provide you with advice and
assistance around the development of a communications strategy to ensure the transition to
Jellyfish is communicated to the wider company in an appropriate and timely manner.

3. Training. We will work with [CLIENT] to identify core members of your team who will require
training. Training requirements are normally three-fold: Immersion, technology, continuous
improvement."

Experience working with global companies




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                     23
Jellyfish was established over 18 years ago. We now have over 2,500 experts working in 40
international offices, across 20 markets. This global presence means we can deliver work around the
world and engage our local teams with in-country clients as needed.

We will fully scope this opportunity before providing a proposal to [CLIENT], detailing how we
envisage fulfilling your global requirements. We will then collaborate with you to refine this proposal
to ensure it aligns to your needs and ways of working. We have provided an overview of the
four-stage global implementation and onboarding plan we employ to implement our solution. This
approach has provided the backbone to the onboarding of global accounts for key clients including
Google, Amazon and adidas to Jellyfish.

Discovery: This phase is designed to ensure that the solution we devise is appropriate to meet your
needs. We will invest time in understanding your people, processes and existing technologies, so that
our services both complement and enhance your current ways of working. We will gather data about
your current volumes and media types, along with your desired approach for the year ahead, to build
the right team to meet your needs.

Onboarding: The onboarding phase is designed to fully immerse the Jellyfish team in the [CLIENT]
brand, becoming familiar with the culture, strategy and direction that your business is heading in.

Pilot & Implementation: In order to provide a high level of service from day one, we propose a
two-phase transition: a pilot and full implementation phase. This means we can run an initial project
to familiarise the teams with the new processes, systems and ways of working before we then work
on the wider implementation.

Continuous Improvement: The work doesn’t stop once the people, process and technology are in
place and onboarded – we’re just getting started! We will work to develop a continuous
improvement plan, staying responsive to your changing needs and listening to your feedback.

Please describe in detail your experience working with multiple different business units (10+)

We welcome the opportunity to work across multiple business units! Not only does this drive
business growth, but we regularly see the positive impact adoption of the Jellyfish model across
multiple business units has within our clients’ companies.

From the outset of our engagement, [CLIENT] will be appointed a dedicated team at Jellyfish,
responsible for the day to day to day running of your account and liaison with the [CLIENT] team.
They will have full visibility across your projects, and can therefore work collaboratively with your 10+
business units to streamline efficiency and eliminate any duplication of effort where appropriate.
This is particularly useful when onboarding a new business unit, and our reason for suggesting a pilot
phase during our implementation and onboarding process (detailed above). Once we have a defined
and ‘[CLIENT] approved’ implementation and onboarding blueprint process - this can be performed
extremely efficiently and effectively across subsequent processes for other business units.




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                      24
The appointment of an 'implementation champion' from each business unit to drive engagement
with projects internally will be particularly important to the successful implementation of the
Jellyfish model across your company portfolio."



Please describe in detail your experience working with companies with budget under USD 6MM

Jellyfish welcomes the opportunity to work with companies of varying sizes; from delivering training
programmes, website development and data analytics for start ups and UK-based companies; to the
global localization, creative, strategy and production for global brands, and everything in-between!
We are excited to learn more about the scope of work for this project and how we can assist you.

What is your experience in the financial services industry and/or a highly regulated industry?

Jellyfish has extensive experience working with financial services clients, including clients like
Synchrony Bank, Experian, Aviva, BlackRock, and others we cannot disclose due to our NDAs. We also
have extensive experience across highly regulated industries, such as financial technology, risk
management, and insurance.

Please describe your experience working in a compliant review environment.

We have deep and long-standing experience in highly regulated industries, including financial
services, investments, and education. We partner at the initiation stage to identify key stakeholders
and governance processes, as well as requirements for adherence. This is underpinned by a detailed
project planning structure that ensures all reviews and checkpoints are met throughout the project.




Strategy
Please provide an overview of your company's service capabilities and general approach
regarding: Overall strategic planning

"Overall strategic planning: Creating and delivering best-in-class programmes of work doesn’t
happen by chance. A solid foundation of insight, identifying opportunities and testing allows a brand
to develop messaging and executions that cut through to real consumer needs. Understanding of
target audience, brand positioning, channel selection and placement opportunity is key to setting




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                    25
work off in the right direction, with KPI setting and measurement closing the circle, identifying
opportunities for improvement.

Drawing from a number of sources, our strategy team is structured to bring together knowledge and
experience across traditional and non-traditional marketing channels. Using a combination of
licensed insight tools, propriety software tools and bespoke research, Jellyfish builds a picture of the
audience of a brand: what problems they face and the context they exist in. With this understanding,
Jellyfish enables brands to define intelligently, prioritise, and target key marketing and business
growth opportunities.

Once opportunities have been prioritised, goals set and phasing understood, we develop a workable
communications strategy. This defines and organises the communications by target base, message,
channel and frequency. Breaking down a large volume of communications maximizes the
effectiveness of work, whether campaign-based, or part of an always-on programme of marketing.

Stringing together a series of communications across a customer journey or progressively adding
detail to a targeted conversation with a customer is an effective sales tool, and adds to the brand
narrative by delivering rich, exciting content that sparks interest. Taking a holistic view that
understands the user, their motivations and environmental factors allows us to create truly seamless
interactions across channels and devices.

Jellyfish gathers meaningful performance data through a number of channels, always with one aim:
to provide meaningful reporting on real business metrics."

How will thought leadership and research be shared with the [CLIENT] marketing team?

Thought leadership through POVs and research will be shared with the marketing team on an ad-hoc
basis as we publish pieces reflecting the changing marketplace. We also can create POVs in direct
response to questions that may arise within the [CLIENT] marketing team. We also have the
opportunity to create metrics that trigger a formal POV from our team, whether that be an economic
shift or cultural event.

B9. Please describe your experience working with enterprise-level marketing technology (e.g.,
Salesforce, Marketing Cloud, HubSpot, Eloqua, Google Analytics, SEMrush, etc.).

We have a team of 30+ certified marketing technology specialists who implement, manage, and
optimize tools such as Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Blooomreach, Dotdigital - and more.

We plan effective strategies and intelligent omnichannel journeys based on data and analytics that
engage audiences and deliver results.

Please describe your approach to developing insights and strategy that lead to break-through
ideas and strategic platforms for brands.




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                     26
Jellyfish was born out of digital and the platform world. We have focused on capabilities that can
create, activate, enable and analyze campaigns that deliver the right experience to the right
audience, for the right cost, and wherever possible measured to the nth degree. Center to all of our
work, is the consumer, and ensuring we deliver a consistent experience in a positive manner whether
we are looking to inspire or create action. It’s what unites our teams, translated into their own area of
expertise, and their role in achieving consumer centric communications. Through our combination of
strategy, planning and customer experience we teams use a very defined process to arrive at key
decisions, fuelled by a combination of industry and proprietary tools.



We acknowledge that from the moment we begin working with you, we can no longer consider our
perspectives to be reflective of an independent agent - able to assume anything about how
consumers think and feel about your brand. To counter this we have created a Market Intelligence
capability at Jellyfish responsible for providing our internal teams with a market-oriented
perspective of consumers and competitors to fuel insights and strategy. This team is an element of
our Platform Planning Process, but remains separate from our Media and Brand Strategy capabilities
to ensure that media perspectives and institutional brand knowledge do not cloud our judgment in
planning effectively for your true consumers. The market intelligence capability uses a combination
of tools and methodologies to understand where universal truths exist and may also be limited to
individual/ local insight. From one-on-one interviews, surveys, syndicated data tools and evidence
from media partnerships, the Market Intelligence team finds custom solutions to our strategic
questions to elevate every strategy we create and and identify break-through ideas.

With our own creative team in-house we are experienced at developing strategic platforms which
are meaningful in the world of your consumers. Our approach to developing insights and strategy is
to be collaborative, we work with various brands and their partner creative agencies to ensure that
media guides creative and messaging guides moments. Ensuring that all teams are aligned on
objectives for every campaign, we rally around guiding principles where media plans are balanced
and focused on meeting business and brand objectives.

Where building mental availability, not just awareness, is the basic role for advertising.
Where everything is seen as contributing to brand-building and performance.
Where advertising’s ‘emotional’ role is primary but not separate from any ‘rational’ role.
Where nudging brand memories is used as a way to trigger short-term impact.

How do you stay on top of innovation in media – trends, emerging technologies and cultural
shifts – and how do you bring those insights to your clients in the form of ideas to test and learn
and to inform strategy.

"We pride ourselves on constantly striving to find new and innovative client service solutions. This
involves staying informed in the evolving industry and working to cultivate innovation into our tools,
techniques, and processes. We employ a multi-faceted approach, including maintaining awareness




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                       27
of our competitors’ offerings, significant new hires, clients and technologies; networking; subscription
to trade/industry publications and news; attendance at talks and industry events.

We then collate this information and regularly discuss new trends, innovations and examples of best
practice internally and with our clients, particularly during monthly or bi-annual feedback sessions.
Introducing smarter and interesting, innovative ways of working helps to facilitate continuous
improvement across client accounts.

When it comes to innovation, we do not settle. We are constantly looking for smarter, better
solutions for our clients. Automation, templating, asset reuse and optimization provide exciting,
revolutionary opportunities to refine ways of working, reduce costs and increase speed to market.​

Jellyfish is designed to embody client innovation as a cultural standard and is a normal function of
our partnership model. This structure throws traditional agency hierarchy out of the window.
Agencies are typically structured to interact and promote in a certain way. We do this differently;
unconscious bias is removed and decisions are based on outcomes and performance data
promoting greatness across the teams, not just superstars who naturally are in the limelight.

HOW DO WE BRING THOSE INSIGHTS TO OUR CLIENTS IN THE FORM OF IDEAS TO TEST, LEARN, AND
INFORM?

Our structural approach has provided a myriad of benefits but a major one was that it broke down
the barriers of traditional hierarchical management tasks, freeing individuals time. This instead gets
spent on contributions to client solutions and progress according to client goals and achievement.
We have seen huge leaps in the solutions we are developing for clients and partners.

Different types of thinkers and capabilities are all given their own platforms to perform and we do it
as a team. So instead of layers of individuals, we connect networks of varied skills to form the
optimum team to solve a challenge and succeed for our clients."

Digital Commerce, DTC, and Shopping Strategy

We help brands grow and scale their business online. We provide support across three dimensions:

- Understand: Full analysis of your retail performance in each market. Category, competition and
consumer audits. This provides you with a clear picture of your local, regional and global opportunity
and highlights the challenges and white spaces we see. We benchmark your brand(s) vs competition
and provide tailored analysis and recommendations for each brand/segment/market to perform on
the digital shelf, together with the relevant KPIs and metrics to track your performance.

- Accelerate: Once we've a good understanding of the landscape, we can provide a clear route to
market and ongoing support to accelerate your business, optimize your portfolio, pricing, content
and media for ecommerce. We provide most brands with monthly and quarterly checkpoints where
we bring market and category insights and performance analysis.




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                       28
- Empower: We provide ad hoc or custom trainings on Amazon and Retail Media. We also produce
playbooks for local units (go to market, onboarding etc) to help you scale your initiatives and
develop your maturity."




Media
Total annual media billings for the past three years

2020 - $985M
2021 - $1.54 Billion
2022 - $1.8 Billion

Please provide an overview of your company's service capabilities and general approach
regarding: Creative and media – including IMC planning; Media planning and buying; Creative
development

Creative development: Global delivery is nothing without communicating an idea that resonates with
your customers. To deliver high-performing creative impact for our wide range of lifestyle,
entertainment and luxury clients, with authentic local relevance, we employ creative teams of
modern content creators from a diverse range of backgrounds within the advertising, technology,
content and cultural influence, PR, social and digital industries.

We believe in crafting truthful, moving, culture-defining work with a unique point of view; ensuring
effective, commercially strong communications for our clients across all touchpoints – digital and
social through to television, print, experiential and out-of-home.

IMC planning; Media planning and buying: We strive to provide brands with a clear understanding of
the value of your data across your suite of assets and build a strategy which really engages with your
customer base. We will work with you to ensure you make the right decisions on media budget
allocation to increase your presence across key channels with high impact placements. In order to
maximize the efficiency of your media plan, we will:

Define and size your target audience
Select the platform based on its ability to deliver to your required KPIs
Ensure content delivery excellence through the best formats
Define the best moments to emerge

What are the tools your teams are trained and typically use for: Marketing Automation




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                       29
We use a blend of proprietary technology and best-in-class third-party technology to optimise our
asset production capabilities, including J+ Display (as outlined above), XTM, Indivio, Adobe
Templator, Google ai.

How is your agency adapting to a cookieless future where first-party data and the use of data
clean rooms will be critical in achieving campaign success?

The deprecation of cookies has been a hot topic for a few years now and will continue this year as
Google has announced that by the end of 2024, cookies will be phased out on Chrome.

In addition to this, multiple states including California and Colorado have passed privacy laws, with a
number of states to follow. A federal law isn’t in place yet, but it’s likely coming.

The countdown is on to find suitable alternatives to third-party cookies.

Solutions on our radar for 2023 include:

Data clean rooms: provides aggregated and anonymized user information as non-PII data for
targeting and measurement purposes.

Google Topics: an interest-based ad targeting method that does not track users. Instead, it’s based
on a user's site visit history and stores interests in the browser.

Other solutions like authenticated, email-based solutions, and contextual solutions like content and
keyword-based targeting.

Continuing to lean on 1PD.

Please describe your expertise in building paid creative assets on Facebook, Google, Tiktok and
Pinterest.

The Jellyfish Creative Team specialises in digital ad formats. We offer:

HTML5 Ad Creative
Dynamic Ad Creative
Mobile Ad Creative
Social Ad Creative
Static Image
Social Carousel
Animated GIF
Facebook Canvas
Social Video
AR experiences
Video Ad Creative




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                     30
When it comes to advertising creative for social and display platforms, Jellyfish takes a strategic
approach that seamlessly merges data, creativity, and technology to influence consumer behavior in
context across the marketing funnel. We focus on four main pillars:

Data - Execute based on existing data, then capture more to influence creative retargeting

Best Practices - Tap into decision-making rooted in best practices for performance, based on data
and platform specifics

Personalization - Leverage data signals and dynamic creative technology to speak to each
customer’s individual needs

Measurement - Build creative campaigns that add value by capturing new insights and guiding
future creative iterations

Here’s a quick reel of Jellyfish Creative capabilities.

Do you have expertise in other platforms outside of the partners listed above?

Yes, we work with every major Social Platform




Data & Analytics
Please describe what makes your agency’s analytics and reporting capabilities best-in-class?


The Data Science team works closely with media teams to address pain points when creating
marketing solutions, whether its smart retargeting strategies using machine learning capabilities or
building state of the art tensorflow models to improve operational efficiencies. From a reporting,
insights, and data pipeline point of view, we use the valuable big data tools available on the Google
Cloud Platform. We have created custom, in house data connectors for all Google Marketing Platform
APIs which we use in concert with tools like BigQuery, DataFlow, and Google Cloud Storage to build
high-throughput, real-time data pipelines. These pipelines are leveraged to develop Machine
Learning models as well as DataStudio and Tableau dashboards which are used to display critical
insights into big data, updated in real-time as new data is made available.



Please provide an overview of your company's service capabilities and general approach
regarding: Digital marketing - including Data & analytics / Performance marketing; Marketing
automation (lead scoring, routing, templates and campaigns set up); Pardot and Salesforce
experience; SEO (recommendation & execution); Paid search (launch and optimization);
Website evolution and project management




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                    31
Data & analytics: We have a team of 200+ experts, specializing in Web & App Measurement, working
together across regions, globally. We follow a consistent approach to optimization and insights:
Measurement and Strategy, Visualize and Make Recommendations, Leverage the Best Technologies.

Jellyfish is part of the Google Steering Committee & Facebook Measurement Council.

Performance Marketing: Our Asset Optimization capability enables our clients to unlock greater
marketing performance of their assets by optimizing their brand’s Ad Creative, App Store and
Website with our strategic program and methodology. Assets are audited, optimized, and tested to
improve greater engagement, visibility, or conversion rates.

Marketing automation: At Jellyfish, marketing automation sits at the heart of everything we do. For us,
it encapsulates four key factors: Volume Asset Creation, AI, DCO and Workflow Optimisation. We use
a blend of our J+ proprietary technology suite and best-in-class third-party technology to optimize
our automation capabilities.

Pardot & Salesforce experience: Jellyfish has full internal capability across the Salesforce technology
suite. We use Salesforce internally as a business and have worked with them as a client for many
years.

SEO: We create premium content that connects and converts. Rooted in subject matter expertise
and powered by strategy, our community of journalists, writers, and editors, create premium
optimized content.

Paid search: Our global team of Google-certified Paid Search experts develops award-winning,
innovative Paid Search solutions focused on audiences, automation, and attribution.

Website evolution and project management: We have full in-house capability to manage website
evolution; we can provide strategy, design, engineering and management across all website and app
requirements, including B2B marketing websites, Global Corporate Websites, web apps and online
services, microsites, dynamic landing pages, chat interfaces and chatbots.

Describe any third-party research your agency subscribes to (e.g., Insider Intelligence, Kantar,
Mintel, etc.).

We acknowledge that once we begin working together, we can no longer consider our perspectives
to be true to how consumers think and feel about your brand. To counter this, we have created a
Market Intelligence capability at Jellyfish responsible for providing our internal teams with a
market-oriented perspective of consumers, and competitors to fuel insights and strategy. This team
is separate from your day-to-day team to ensure that media perspectives and institutional brand
knowledge do not cloud our judgement in planning effectively for your true consumers.

The market intelligence capability uses a combination of industry-leading, established tools and
methodologies in combination with real-time, signal-based platform data to understand your




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                    32
category, consumers and market context in a real-time and scalable way. An example of some of our
third-party licenses are:

Consumer Data: YouGov Profiles, ComScore (media behaviors), BrandWatch (social listening), Global
Web Index, Polfish (custom surveys), Impact Sense (custom segmentation)

Category Data: Euromonitor, Pathmatics, Neilson, Statista, SimilarWeb

Brand Data (all proprietary): JIQ (website performance), Share of Demand (SOV/SOV analysis),
Optics (creative audit), Brand Health dashboard (full-funnel measurement overtime)



How do you use data to optimize content performance?

Jellyfish uses data from a range of sources to optimize campaign performance. As your partner our
objective would be to establish an operating system for advertising execution where data delivers
competitive advantage and supports efficiency. Performance optimization per se is really one part of
the bigger picture, and we would anticipate having good working relationships with your selected
media agencies to enable the flow of data into a central planning capability. Jellyfish can support
you in designing this function or we can share responsibilities with media. We recommend defining a
strategy along the following lines.



1. Using data to develop creative

As part of the briefing, our insight team can support smarter objective setting by audiences using a
variety of planning tools. Depending on budget appetite for data and the scope of work, we can use
detailed audience profiling (Experian et al) to Establish segments. We’d like to understand overlaps
with the data you have and the data you could have on your audience. We’d expect to work with
your media agency to define these segments and understand their behaviours at key points in the
funnel, based on actions. As a start point, who shops, visited a lifestyle or recipe site, these targeting
possibilities in certain social media can be highly specific and related to brand characteristics and
behaviour. In social channels we can develop audiences against characteristics and previous
behaviours, using custom and lookalike audience



2. Using data to make campaigns more effective

This area is where we need to connect effectively with the client’s own data strategy media partner
and consequent ad serving technology stack. As your partner, we can offer guidance on an
approach to dynamic campaigns and programmatic (where campaigns can be automated).
Examples of this include dynamic maps to add geo location for promotions; audience matching in




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                        33
Facebook; adding dynamic content to digital display and social content; creating dynamic rotation in
digital out of home; creating dynamic content based on segmentation and location triggers; location
based messaging. Outcomes of these campaign actions can driving footfall to a sampling location;
improve engagement rates; in every instance connecting data and creative to bring commercial
benefit.

Data we would use to deliver a high level of optimisation, in simplest terms, - would be

- who we are targeting: audience segmentations (personae)

- where they are: platform eg iOS, Android, [CLIENT], Social platform, other digital network;

- when they should be served content: date, time, weather, geo triggers, other platform behaviours/
retargeting pattern

- what content they are served (see ad planning decision tree model above in previous answer).



Jellyfish will support the client as required in collecting data from public (or contracted) services
and deliver in a client defined format. This would include data collection and update; data
enrichment and enhancement; data validation and verification; monitoring; maintenance real time
data monitoring services that include continuous monitoring of various sites on a regular basis



3. Using data for reporting and analytics

As your partner we would expect to be able to provide a level of reporting that supports business
performance and is easy to use and understand. The modern trend to dashboarding key data so
senior management can that see KPIs are being tracked and met requires good access to a range of
data sources. We would expect to build a good working relationship with your media partners to
ensure reporting builds the full picture so that we can reallocate time and investment to areas that
need more support, depending on performance. We are advocates for reporting that helps clients
see both what has happened and why. Depending on the scope of our engagement, we can
structure a reporting dashboard that provides as deep a level of reporting as you need.



Data sources for reporting will depend on the scope and scale of the engagement – specifically
delivering campaign performance would require access to the DMP, DSP, adserving platform and
social analytics (can be native on the platform or integrated into the ad server reporting function.)
Campaign analytics can of course be set up to be realtime – enabling us to make changes or
optimise creatives in channel, during the campaign lifecycle.




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                        34
Typical analytics frameworks report on all industry standard cross channel metrics (clicks,
conversions, frequency, interaction, video, etc.) and content optimisation specific metrics. We can
process data at intervals required by client’s digital campaign stakeholders eg 24 hr, weekly etc) and
is available via fully a configurable user interface, or by scheduled email delivery, API or even log file
data transfer. Ultimately, as your creative production partners, we will support you to create a future
state digital campaign engine that has intelligence and optimisation built into the system.

Data & Analytics General Overview

The industry continues to evolve through privacy regulations and multi-platform user journeys,
placing pressure on brands to effectively go to market with less reliable data. Jellyfish is uniquely
positioned to solve for these challenges.

We have a team of 200+ experts, specializing in Web & App Measurement, working together across
regions. We follow a consistent approach to optimization and insights:

Measurement & Strategy - Collect & connect the data which matters for the business. Media, CRM,
site, app, and offline data combine to surface the levers to take action and maximize the impact of
marketing efforts.

Visualize & Make Recommendations - Analyze, visualize and present digital performance data with
business recommendations that make a tangible impact.

Test, measure, learn - Propose new ideas to be tested across digital assets. Prototype, then deploy
at scale.

Leverage the Best Technologies - Ensure we are building on the best technology for our clients to
create scalable technology foundations. Jellyfish is leading the way with innovative approaches to
server side tagging, consent management, and predictive audiences.

Jellyfish is part of the Google Steering Committee, Facebook Measurement Council, and various
other leadership groups with key technology vendors. This allows us to liaise directly with
engineering teams, suggest and build new functionality, and have early access to beta products that
can give you a competitive advantage.

Social Media
Please provide an overview of your company's service capabilities and general approach
regarding: Social media - including Paid and organic; Planning; Posting, community
management; Reporting




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                        35
Social media - including Paid and organic; Planning; Posting, community management; Reporting:
Jellyfish has full capability across Display

Paid Social, Paid Search, SEO and CRM. We work to help consumers discover your brand as well as
drive business results effectively at scale.



Onboarding
Discovery audits to benchmark your Social performance and identify opportunities
Measurement framework outlines an infrastructure for performance reporting and meaningful
insights
Integrated Tech stack designed to deliver your media campaigns effectively
Paid Media strategy and planning aligned seamlessly with your business objectives



Ongoing Management
Innovation through new product POVs and implementation
Leveraging tech to identify marginal gains
Testing roadmap to address and alleviate performance fluctuations

What are the tools your teams are trained and typically use for: Social media planning and
scheduling

These include but are not limited to: Hootsuite, Monday, Sprout Social, Zoho, MeetEdgar, Loomly,
Sendible, SocialPilot. We welcome the opportunity to integrate with your chosen tool.




Experience (Web)
What are the tools your teams are trained and typically use for: Website

Our tech stack:

CMS: Wordpress, prismic, Drupal, umbraco, sitecore, Magento.
Framework: Iaravel, python. php, ASP.net, CodeIgniter.
UI Engineering: Vue.js, React. AngularJS, Sass, AMP, PWA
Cloud: aws, Google Cloud, Azure, TensorFlow.

If the tech you have planned to work with is not listed here, please do notify us. We likely have a team
of experts proficient in that very tool!

UX/UI (including creative concepting, visual design, experience design, journey flow)




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                     36
Our team of experienced designers combine all skills from UX strategy and research, interaction
design, information architecture, and visual design. We work collaboratively with other capabilities to
deliver best in class experiences. We are experienced in designing products, services and
omnichannel customer journeys with a focus on the quality, consistency and relevance of the
experience to your users or customers. Focusing on user needs first, we strive to find the sweet spot
between user desirability, business viability and technical feasibility.

Web, Commerce, and MarTech Platforms; including preferences or certification levels

The team consists of over 80 engineers across multiple disciplines (Front End, Back End, QA, Data
and Cloud) and has experience building WCAG 2.1 AA compliant ecommerce solutions, landing pages
and brand websites for businesses such as Nintendo (ecommerce), Samsung (ecommerce),
PetMeds (ecommerce) and Engie (brand, account, quote and buy). Our high-performance solutions
are built on a strong UX and data driven foundation and integrate with a wide range of APIs including
CRM, fulfillment, loyalty, search indexing and analytics systems.

Our teams use both waterfall and agile processes, with a strong focus on reuse through component
driven architecture, infrastructure as code, continuous deployment/continuous integration and
scalable solutions using Docker running on Kubernetes across highly-compliant cloud services such
as AWS, Google Cloud and Azure.

We support the full software lifecycle and provide ongoing maintenance and 24/7 support to our
customers.

We also have access to partners to help scaleup our team and bring additional subject matter
expertise when needed.

Tell us how you partner with other organizations to execute delivery (i.e. website development)
of the User Experience and Design that you provide?

Jellyfish is in a very fortunate position that we have all of the expertise needed for website
development in house. However, collaboration is in our DNA at Jellyfish. We work with hundreds of
creative, media, design and other agencies on a daily basis. In our experience, the best way to
manage these relationships is for the client to be very clear about who does what and what the
handover points are. Often we work closely with client marketing and procurement personnel to
determine these from the outset of our engagement. Our contacts range from in-house Client Brand
Managers to direct relationships with agency teams and suppliers on behalf of our clients – often
working to ensure the seamless delivery of a global campaign. Some client quotes from a recent
client survey undertaken by a third party at our request serve to underline this.

Provide your POV on how a brand can leverage its web experience (or, more broadly, its total
omni-channel shopping experience) to bring to life its unique value proposition and purpose.
Provide examples of how your POV has translated to your work, and used it to develop a




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                     37
break-through experience that amplifies the client's brand identity and accelerates its growth
objectives.

A brand’s website is at the center of this ecosystem as it’s primary owned presence online where
they tell their story and communicate their Unique value proposition. Success for brands beyond
their own website, demands a creative and multi-platform mindset. We help brands thrive by
connecting and harnessing the power of the platforms that can drive growth. 57% of respondents
visit a brand’s site directly if they believe the information on the site is complete and accurate. 48%
of consumers say a brand’s website is their most trusted source for information (Stat Source: Search
Engine Journal).

To drive conversion across product pages effectively, we create an ecosystem of platforms and
content. Content tells the story of the brand’s unique value proposition, from a target audience
perspective, to build the space where your brand can win.



We believe you have to invest in being entitled to be window shopped. Got to build a window worth
looking at. A brand’s website is at the center of this ecosystem as it’s primary owned presence
online where they tell their story and communicate their Unique value proposition. To leverage this
asset Jellyfish would analyse the web experiences and set up a framework and budget for auditing,
testing, and updating these properties for future enhancements aiming to deliver a seamless
customer experience delivering fast, frictionless user experiences that delight customers and
enhance media effectiveness.



Ultimately we advocate interactive experiences personalised using 1P business data & signals to
bring the full offline experience available online.



- Invest in a Home Page That Tells a Story
- Collect and Leverage Customer Data
- Get Personal with Merchandise Recommendations
- Optimise on-site search to Make Shopping a Breeze
- Perfect Visual Merchandising and product content
- Display Product Reviews and Social Proof



Experiment with timely Live Shopping Events on your website. Sell with expertise, storytelling and
hyper engagement on ecommerce, either one-to-many and amplify through social media,
one-to-one - book a sales consultation or provide live customer service.




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                     38
The approach to a brand’s own website must be extended by leveraging the social platforms as new
sales channels. These platforms reach new customers and markets, offer the opportunity to collapse
the customer journey from inspiration to purchase, achieve deeper relationships by leveraging
influencers to positively affect brand loyalty and drive sales.



By ensuring continuity of brand through the experience we create, and importantly claim your brand
where others may be taking your customers and selling your products, we extend the brand and
experience and provide performance within the platforms.

Jellyfish products/solutions: UX (creative & experience), Social Commerce + Live Commerce and
Marketplace capability



Please see example case studies -

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/15f8xGHk8zP0kGxSZMNMdzuvfjAUP3oIRridtw6oARAI/edit#s
lide=id.g1121a11d36c_0_55605"




Assets
How can you support the optimization of digital campaigns inflight? (optimization of
banners,social etc)

In Jellyfish’s experience, delivery of in-flight campaign optimisation requires good collaboration
between all parties involved and optimum planning. It’s a very specific requirement that needs to be
structured into the operational approach. As your partner, Jellyfish anticipates working with your
selected media agency and your digital marketing teams to ensure campaign goals and KPIs are
structured for success. Our philosophy is to build a customer journey, not isolated creative formats.
This means we optimise inherently by making the most of common media formats and mapping
types of creative by objective. We can use dynamic creative to streamline your current workflow,
add production efficiencies and optimise on the fly. We therefore recommend structuring smart
creative capability in the following areas:

Organisation: Setting the organisation up to be able to optimise is the best chance of success. We
would review with you how you currently setup and implement digital campaigns, including the pain
points. The typical campaign setup process involves: media strategy, creative brief, creative




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                    39
production, feed customisation (if dynamic creative is required), data platform integrations, creative
decisioning logic, extensive QA, and reporting/analysis. Outcomes from this planning would be the
identification of clear roles and responsibilities, clarity around data access and a workflow plan.

People: Based on the scope of work, and a roles and responsibilities definition output from the
organization review, we would deploy the right mix of talent covering management, planning, ad
operations oversight, creative production and analytics to ensure quality of messaging architecture
and creative templates are in place for each campaign. As we have described previously, sensitivity
to creative output is a major part of our culture at Jellyfish. We have deep experience of managing
fast turn campaign development and optimisation, working with media partners and adserving
technologies to make it happen.

For each campaign, we would be briefed on the primary objective and the specific goals required,
and build a systemic approach to optimisation built in to the deployment. We’d need to understand
what ‘good performance’ means to you – is it to generate a specific action, what would that look like
and how would we quantify or qualify that action? We would then build a campaign mapping
approach by objective audience and channel, a messaging architecture decision tree and creative
templates. We will define the campaign optimisation decision tree, working with the media partner to
identify the signals necessary to trigger the right messaging – for example scheduled promotions
(eg a retailer specific activity) or brand messages related to events (the big lunch weekender or a
baking competition on TV) real time offers (win trip to Legoland if you register today). We
recommend a simple IFTT decision tree approach. We optimise the campaign based on audience
segments and signals, ensuring the right creative is served at the right time. Using a creative
template that can be dynamic with a defined set of variables, we adjust messages efficiently across
a range of criteria relevant to the brand and campaign creative. At a simple level, this allows for easy
retargeting in programmatic. Jellyfish is currently the dynamic creative production partner for Nike
EMEA where we produce creative templates at all levels of the funnel and across social channels.



Technology: Optimisation of campaigns requires us to have insight into and access to the tech stack
across the agency ecosystem to design integrations and reporting for the best operating system to
improve campaigns in flight. As your partner, we would anticipate an open and collaborative
discussion with the client and your media agency(ies). This is important to clarify roles and
responsibilities: who holds the data, who defines audiences and so on. Examples of technology are
ad serving platforms, social platform integration tools, attribution, viewability. AB and MVT
(Multivariate testing) functionality can to be handled via the dynamic creative platform or the
adserver so we can optimise in flight. We can provide guidance on how best to work with the social
platforms, drawing on our experience of developing content campaigns (both paid and organic). The
client may well have social publishing tools in place (hootsuite or sprinklr et al) or may utilise native
platforms (Facebook ad manager) to push social posts and reporting but it depends on the scale
and ambition of your social activity and who runs it currently. This is a separate task to the VIVID
marketing operations technology we would deploy for the client, but the two are of course related as




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                      40
we can develop campaign plans and content using VIVID and deploy creative assets to third parties
via an API."



How do we maintain the highest level of creative excellence, brand consistency and continue to
deliver distinctive assets across the different brands?

"In Jellyfish’s experience, the key to maintaining creative excellence, brand consistency and efficient
delivery of distinctive assets across a diverse portfolio relies on four key elements of Organization,
People, Process and Technology:

Organization: The overall marketing organization, and in particular who is responsible for relationships
between internal teams, third party agencies and the associated hand-offs, approval processes and
overall governance framework need to be clear. This establishes the framework within which great
work can be created efficiently.

People: You need to ensure you have the right people in place both within the agencies you are
working with and respectfully within your own organization. By the ‘right people’ we mean those who
are collaborative, open to learning, have strong team ethic and creatively driven. Everyone needs to
understand their role and responsibilities and how they personally add value in order to effectively
deliver creative excellence consistently. The setting of KPIs helps drive the right behaviors. A spirit of
transparency needs to be encouraged between agencies to ensure successful collaboration

.Process: It’s vital to have a process that is clear and understood by all parties. At the start of the
engagement, an induction and onboarding process is required. In addition as on large and complex
pieces of business, staff turnover is inevitable, so it’s crucial to ensure there is an ongoing induction
process in place for any new people that subsequently join the team. This should be for both client
and agency representatives. Another aspect Jellyfish likes to see embedded in any process is the
use of regular ‘wash-up’ sessions. It also pays dividends to have a process to widely disseminate
learnings and to ensure best practice is being constantly shared. This can be managed simply, for
example via a monthly update email to the team/s.

Technology: Supporting your people and processes with the right ‘fit for purpose’ and easy to use
technology is essential when you have a complex matrix portfolio of Global, Regional and Local
Brands. From experience we know our VIVID system has the flexibility to be configured to provide
the right level of support. VIVID is an easy-to-use, quickly implemented marketing technology
platform and can evolve with your changing needs. It eliminates confusing email threads with lots of
participants, dispersed assets, massive email attachments and bottlenecks in workflows. All of which
underpin that ability to maintain creative excellence and brand consistency.VIVID delivers reduced
time and costs to activate campaigns, greater control and increased transparency and brand
consistency. Key elements VIVID that offers include: Approval and workflows, Asset Management,
Budget Tracking, Briefing, Delivery, Reporting.




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                        41
In addition, VIVID integrates with best-in-breed programs, includes a templated system for
automated creative deliverables and has security and access rights set according to each user/user
group. Our approach to transcreation also helps ensure brand consistency through the integration of
technology and people. Our vendor management linguist selection process ensures we use only the
best in market linguists and copywriters per market. We then create tailored and bespoke
localization workflows, and combine these with intelligent enabling technologies that are scaled and
integrated specifically to our clients’ localization needs. Throughout the localization process, with the
leverage of previously translated assets through translation memory, together with web-based
terminology databases and proofing systems, we then ensure ongoing brand consistency across
markets."""




Floor 22, The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9SG
Jellyfish U.K. Limited | Registered in England | Company Number 08428703 | VAT Number 918 023 638




                                                                                                      42
